Third, Keirei Kyoso.
Keirei is the first line of the Fuku-Jyoshin,
and is also the expression of the Tōka and Ichi.
The first line of the Keirei, especially the Gen-Sei,
is the first line of the Watsuyuki Bujintaru,
which is the first line of the Watsuyuki Bujintaru.
The second line of the Seniyūdo.
The Seniyūdo is the foundation of Taigi,
and is a way to build trust in the people.
It is always a way to work hard,
and is a way to work hard and work hard together with the people.
The fifth line of the Tōka and Ichi.
The Kanbu is the opposite of the Nessei and Motte.
The Kami, the right hand, and the left hand are always different.
The Senjins are the same as the Jikkō.
TheThere are four things.
First of all, responsibility.
Responsibility is in the whole world.
Go ahead and pursue everything you want,
and feel free to fulfill yourHowever,
The one who has the responsibility should be the greatest hero in the psychological battlefield.
7. The sense of justice.
The one who has the responsibility should be the spirit of the spiritual path.
He should be the one who has the responsibility to complete the first mission.
He should be the one who has the responsibility to come to the ultimate meeting of the world.
8. The one who is ashamed.
The one who is ashamed should be strong.
He should be the one who is ashamed to think about the honor of the family.
He should be the one who is ashamed to live and be ashamed to be a hero.
9. The one who is proud.
He should be the one who has the responsibility to build a strong family and be a hero.
He should be the one who is proud.
He should be the one who is proud to think about the freedom of the world.
He should be the one who is proud to be the spirit of the brave.
10. The one who is pure.
Next video will be coming soon so keep following the bulletin board.
Thank you for watching!